[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: It's no
surprise that the generation
of people 30 and under are
having a rough ride of it.
Their generation is the
largest birth demographic
in modern history, just in
time for ecological decline,
financial chaos, and
governmental upheaval.
So how do they cope?
Astrologer Robert Phoenix
says by indulgence.
What would we expect
from a generation born
under Pluto in Scorpio, right?
>> Robert Phoenix: That's right.
>> Regina Meredith: Whole
different breed of cat.
In our last conversation,
we talked about the --
well, the "Me Generation,"
Leo, the "baby boomers."
And then we talked just a
little bit about your generation
which was under the sign
of Virgo -- Pluto in Virgo.
>> Robert Phoenix: That's right.
Yep.
>> Regina Meredith:
And then we went
through in just a little
bit of those who are trying
to make life look good and
feel good and find balance,
the Libra generation, right?
And that's up until the
age of about 30, right?
>> Robert Phoenix: Yeah
>> Regina Meredith: Now
we're hitting people 30
and under in this conversation.
>> Robert Phoenix:
That's correct, yes.
>> Regina Meredith:
Okay, so let's just --
first of all, how do you
put the current events
that are happening around
Trayvon Martin into this?
>> Robert Phoenix: Well, okay.
Well, that's a big question.
And I think that -- I think we
have to step back a little bit
to answer that question and we
have to look at evolutionary --
from an evolutionary
perspective,
where what I call Generation
Triple X came into play,
and what they were raised on
and some of the cultural and...
>> Regina Meredith: Triple
X, you're going to explain
that in a little bit [laugher].
>> Robert Phoenix: Yeah.
Okay, so let's go back in time.
1984 is when Pluto and
Scorpio really begins to hit.
Had a little bit of a
brief flirtation in '83,
went back into Pluto and
Virgo and '84 comes in strong.
And that generation is the
first generation that is --
I'm probably going to get a
lot of criticism for this.
They're the first generation
that's raised on rap music.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And hip-hop in a big way.
It's their rock and roll, right?
>> RM: Mm-hmm.
>> RP: And the first
group that really comes
onto the scene is Run DMC.
And there had been a
few other, you know,
rap artists prior to that.
Curtis Blow and Sugar Hill Gang.
And most of the rhymes
at that time were very --
pretty happy in some ways.
But by the way, I don't
know if you know this
or people out there know this.
The birth of rap -- really one
of the key events in the birth
of rap is the blackout
in New York City.
Do you remember that?
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: The big blackout?
Well, one of the things
that happened during the big
blackout is that stereo stores
and pawn shops got broken
into and all these turntables
and all these sound systems
got liberated during the...
>> RM: [Laughter].
>> RP: I'm serious.
>> RM: And then became
that err err err.
>> RP: Yeah, and
became the wikki wikki.
>> RM: Yeah, yeah.
>> RP: So thank you David
Dinkins and the blackout
in New York City for
helping launch hip-hop.
So...
>> RM: Because turntables became
freely and easily accessible.
>> RP: Absolutely.
I mean, prior to that, it
was very hard for people to,
you know, buy these things.
And -- so anyway, it's
an interesting little
side [inaudible].
But the first wave of hip-hop
is actually fairly innocuous.
It's generally happy-go-lucky.
It's "Hey, I'm good
looking," you know,
"Come check me out, I'm fine."
You know, things like that.
And it's a little bit boastful
and there may be pokes here
and there at somebody else.
It's all based on
the dozens, right?
So it's kind - it's
-- it's not heavy.
It's not a heavy experience.
Run DMC comes onto the scene
and they're very interesting
because they are this bridge,
symbolically, between rock
and roll and hip-hop and they
have a video with Aerosmith,
that Aerosmith does with them,
and Aerosmith does a remix
of one of their songs, right?
And Run DMC comes in
and starts the hip-hop.
This is a very interesting,
symbolic moment  MTV  begins
to play -- begins to play,
slowly at that time,
hip-hop music.
It's a little bit at the time.
It's very -- Michael Jackson is
really the cultural influence.
But they're the first generation
that's raised with hip-hop.
So if we go back in time, 1984,
we fast forward, we go to 1990,
1991, hip-hop is
very, very different.
You have Public Enemy
and Public Enemy has a
political consciousness.
And then you have a group out
of Los Angeles called NWA.
And I was used -- I used to
be in the music business.
That was part of
my stock and trade.
And I remember flying
across the Atlantic one day,
going to a music show -- a
music seminar, trade show,
and I sat next to a
young hip-hop broadcaster
who knew the history of
hip-hop right and left.
And, you know, he was really --
he was a Pluto and
Scorpio kid and very cool.
I mean, he knew his stuff.
And he told me --
corroborated what I had heard
in the music business was that
there was a moment in time
where the record executives
had to make a choice.
And they had to make a choice
between Public Enemy or NWA.
Now Public Enemy was probably a
choice they didn't want to make
because Public Enemy was
about political consciousness
and awareness.
And once you let the cat out
of the bag with something
like that, you never know
where it's going to go.
And in fact, one of
Public Enemy's members,
Professor Griff, had been
taken out of the group
because he was critical of --
he was critical of the
Jewish record executives,
and he basically he said
everything [inaudible].
>> RM: Right, which
was prominent
in the record industry
and has been.
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: So they took him out,
which was very interesting.
He was -- he was called their
minister of information.
And Public Enemy,
interestingly enough,
wasn't quite the
same after he left.
But there was a split
that took place
and the record industry
itself said, "Okay,
we're going to throw
down behind NWA
and NWA's message was really
anything but political.
I mean, they talked about --
and this is the group that had
Dr. Dre and Ice Cube and Easy E.
And they talked about being on
the mean streets of Compton.
A lot of those -- I mean, those
guys were not really gangsters.
They weren't.
I mean, they -- they
were posing as gangsters
and they were glorifying
this really dark life.
Now keep in mind that the kids
born in 1984, this is the Pluto
and Scorpio generation,
they're six, they're seven,
the music is being
played in their homes.
This is the beginning...
>> RM: It has a very hypnotic
type of beat, as well.
>> RP: Absolutely.
>> RM: There's a trance quality.
And the lyrics and the videos.
Now by this time,  MTV  is
starting to play videos.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: They're starting
to play hip-hop videos,
Yo MTV Raps  is one of the
most popular shows on  MTV .
So this is the Pluto
and Scorpio kids.
This is their indoctrination.
This is their intensity.
They're coming of
age with this music.
Not only that, but
they're coming of age --
excuse me, in a time and place
where crack cocaine is
really prevalent, right?
I mean, it's exploding
throughout the inner city.
And not just the
inner city by the way.
Crack cocaine made
it into the suburbs.
I knew a number of people,
you know, who you would say,
"This guy's a crack addict?"
Yeah, he's a crack addict.
>> RM: Hey, and out
into the country,
I interviewed Catherine
Austin Fitch.
She said that's a
mainstay of the economy
out where she lives
in Tennessee even.
>> RP: Yeah.
Yeah. So, this is -- this is the
milieu that they're raised in.
It's a very different kind of
world, imagistically, sonically,
and even in terms
of their own --
in many cases, their own
neighborhoods and homes.
It's a very intense
and kind of dark phase.
>> RM: Yeah.
And then with the
original intention,
I interviewed Hank Shockley,
who was the producer of...
>> RP: Oh, you did?
>> RM: Public Enemy.
And he -- he was saying --
he's a really lit up guy who's
starting his own music network
in fact.
He said, I did this
because I couldn't --
this was the only way we could
get kids to start thinking
about their own place in the
world and power and starting
to question authority,
really question it.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: So he did it for
reasons that he wanted
to empower the educational
base of the Black community,
which was interesting.
>> RP: Absolutely.
And there was a lot
of that happening
in New York at that time.
You had [inaudible].
I mean, there was a lot of
consciousness and a lot of --
in fact, Jay-Z actually
kind of comes out of that.
We'll talk about Jay-Z.
He's actually a very important
figure for Pluto and Scorpio,
both imagistically, and in terms
of his own star power and icon.
You want to talk about him now?
>> RM: Please do, yeah.
>> RP: Okay.
So Jay-Z, aka Shawn Carter,
is an interesting character.
>> RM: Mm-hmm.
>> RP: And I have --
I'm going to come right
and out and be honest.
I'm not a huge fan, because I
think his message is distorted.
I think -- I'm more in
the camp of Public Enemy,
underground hip-hop,
which is about, you know,
awareness and consciousness.
>> RM: The system is corrupt.
Take it back.
Yeah.
>> RP: Take it back, but also,
I mean, if you go into some
of the underground
hip-hop artists, I mean,
there's a spirit of love there.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And I don't feel the
spirit of love in Jay-Z's music.
It's patently material, and it's
about what I can get, you know,
what I can do, what's
important to me.
These are the images,
these are the icons,
these are the elements
that support my identity.
And boy isn't my life great?
And you know, your life can
be like my life, too, right?
I mean, but really it's my life.
So you know, just you
know, groove on this.
I think it's the wrong message.
And people mistake
that for empowerment.
You know, they see it as being
-- and I know people, you know,
in the Black community, who
love Jay-Z because they think
that he represents some
form of empowerment.
And I don't -- I don't...
>> RM: It's kind of
a false empowerment.
Yeah.
>> RP: It is a false
empowerment.
I mean, to me, it smacks of
a kind of hollow materialism.
Jay-Z has surrounded himself, by
the way, with esoteric symbols.
He is -- his Rocawear Company,
his fashion wear company.
I think it was probably
about five or six years ago,
really got into printing
aluminous,
free masonic symbols
on their t-shirts.
Now this was intentional,
by the way.
>> RM: Yeah, I was going
to say, there's a history
of that going back
a few decades even.
>> RP: Yes.
>> RM: Of that at the base of
what's going on with the release
of certain groups, certain
dates their music is released.
>> RP: Absolutely.
>> RM: Deeply involved.
But now it became -- it's
become a fashion statement.
It's like Aleister Crowley
became a fashion statement
for these kids -- the
Pluto and Scorpio kids.
There's a young hip-hop artist
in LA named Tyler the Creator
who is part of a group
called Odd Futures.
And it's a very -- their
music is extremely,
extremely dark and very macabre.
You know, when we did
dark music like --
I'm in the Neptune in
Scorpio generation.
When we did dark music
like gothic music--
like Goth rock was part
of my generation, right,
there was a hint at times of
tongue-in-cheekiness, right?
Like, what's the movie?
I'm sorry -- Tim Curry.
Rocky Horror Picture Show.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: It's Goth but it's sort
of tongue-in-cheek, right?
>> RM: Right.
It's poking fun at itself.
>> RP: You go to -- you
go to a scary movie,
but there's some goofy
moments, too, right?
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And you know, we
had bands like 66 Sputnik
who were laughable
in some ways, right?
But that's not this generation.
>> RM: There's almost
a demonic quality.
>> RP: There is a very
demonic quality to it.
And that's part of
this whole Pluto
and Scorpio sort
of cultural signal.
And if -- we have
to understand Pluto.
We have to know Scorpio, really,
where it exists in the --
in the evolution of
the wheel, right?
If you start at Aries, you start
at the most individual sign.
It's "I" you know, "I am."
That's what it is.
And you go all the way
around the wheel and you get
to the Libra and Libra's the
first sign where you begin
to think about other
people, right?
You begin to think about,
"Oh, I want to meet somebody."
You know, "I want
to get married."
You know, that's when the
individual consciousness begins
to embrace the other, right?
And if you -- if you go a
little bit further with that,
then you get into the whole like
psychic territory of what it's
like to be in a relationship.
Yeah, you fall in love,
but then what happens?
Then you go into these
very strange places.
Who am I? Who are you?
What's our life about?
You know, what's power?
You have power.
I have power.
We have sex.
We have baby.
Now you're into Scorpio.
That's -- that's what happens.
Once you hook up in Libra...
>> RM: You end up in Scorpio.
>> RP: You drop off
the continental shelf.
You go off into these
deep psychic realms.
And then you go into
therapy, right?
>> RM: [Laughter].
>> RP: I mean, that's --
so if you look at that,
Scorpio becomes the
first transpersonal sign.
And that's a really
important thing to understand,
because after that,
everything becomes --
in terms of astrology,
it becomes cultural.
From the first house
to the seventh house,
from Aries to Libra, it's all
about the development
of the individual.
And when we get to
the seventh house,
we're dropping into the psyche.
We're dropping into
the collective.
And if we look at Pluto
and Leo, Pluto and Virgo,
Pluto and Libra, these are
all pretty much individually
based generations.
Pluto and Leo.
I'm going to -- you know,
I'm going to be president.
>> RM: The Me Generation, yeah.
>> RP: I'm going to be
Bill Clinton, all right?
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: Pluto and Virgo.
Oh, you can do anything
you want.
Work has meaning.
You know, you can be
anything you want, right?
Pluto and Libra, a
little bit different.
They're -- they're looking
to mend the relationship --
the broken relationships
of their mother and father,
but also find beauty
in the world.
That's what they're here to do.
Pluto and Scorpio is
very, very different.
They're almost like the
village of the damned, really.
And I'm using this kind
of tongue-in-cheekish.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: Because they are a
transpersonal generation.
They're the first transpersonal
generation we've had
on this planet in
quite a long time.
Keep that in mind.
I mean, we went from Pluto
and Cancer, Pluto and Gemini,
you know Pluto -- you
know, Pluto and Taurus.
This is going way back in time.
These kids represent a very
different kind of consciousness.
>> RM: When was the last
time Pluto was in Scorpio?
>> RP: You know, I was going to
look that up before [inaudible].
>> RM: Oh, that's okay
it's a long time ago.
>> RP: It is a long
time ago, yes.
But it's -- it's
been quite a while.
And in this country, it's
never happened before.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: Okay?
>> RM: And we are
talking hundreds of years.
>> RP: Right.
Exactly. This country
was founded with Pluto
in Capricorn, so
just do the math.
>> RM: Yeah.
Right.
>> RP: So anyway, these kids
are very, very different.
And they have a collective
sensibility
that I don't think
we can understand
from our position at all.
And the way that we can see this
is through the protest movement.
And they have this uncanny
ability to be able to organize
and assemble very quickly.
And if you look at places
like Egypt, and Turkey,
and even Brazil,
these demonstrations
and these protests, they're
all led by young people.
They're all pretty much
led by Pluto and Scorpio.
>> RM: And they're connected.
I mean, being connected
seems to be everything.
>> RP: They're very connected.
And they share similar values.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And their values
are a lot more dramatic,
I think, than we understand.
They -- Scorpio is a
sign, it's a fixed sign.
There's not a lot of
gray area with Scorpio.
It's very black and white.
And Scorpios, when
they love you,
they really love you
and they're devoted.
And if they don't like you,
watch out because they will,
you know, they'll let you know
about it either overtly
or covertly.
And this generation has
that hard-wired into them.
So when they love something,
they will really love something.
And if they say, "No,
we don't like this,"
it is a resounding no.
And that's what shows
up in these --
in these protests and
these demonstrations.
And they're also really like
the first generation that's
like in some ways the
social media generation.
Growing up, you know,
towards the back end
with Facebook and Twitter.
So they know -- and cell phones.
They know this -- YouTube.
They know this media inside out.
They're very adept at it.
They communicate in ways that
we don't understand at times.
You know, they've got -- like
today, this was very funny.
We were talking in the
first show about --
about Pierce Morgan and the
interview with the witness,
Chantel, in the Trayvon
Martin case.
He's asking her about the
meaning of the word "Cracka."
Not cracker but cracka.
>> RM: Cracka
>> RP: You know, and it's...
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: It's hilarious
in one sense
and it's also very
strange in another sense.
Here we have a Pluto -- I'll bet
that Peirce Morgan
is Pluto and Leo.
Here we have a Pluto and
Leo and a potentially Pluto
and Scorpio kid talking about
this code and this difference
in language and the double
meaning behind Cracka,
because -- not Cracker
with an ER, but with an A.
And most people think, "Well,
cracker is a white guy, right?"
Well, she's saying, "No,
Cracka is a security
officer or a police officer."
So they're -- you know,
they're even taking the meaning
of the word...
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: ...that we
would agree upon.
And change that meaning,
changing the spelling.
>> RM: Making it more specific.
>> RP: Very specific and making
it their own experience, right?
So this is -- as a group are --
they're more psychically
attuned, I think,
than any other generation
prior to them.
And that can be a good
thing, but it can also be a,
potentially, not so good thing.
>> RM: Okay.
On that note, I have a question.
Now when you look at the --
at kind of the esoteric
end of Scorpio,
it supposedly has two faces.
One is the scorpion
and one is the eagle.
So it has potential...
>> RP: Absolutely.
>> RM: For high and
transformative...
>> RP: Absolutely.
>> RM: So, yeah.
How does that jive?
>> RP: Well, so...
>> RM: It's so extreme itself.
>> RP: Right.
I mean, I -- so I think this
generation really can either
save the planet or burn it down.
That's what I think.
And that's the -- that's the --
and right now, some
of them are going
through their Saturn return.
Like, the kind of the,
the 28 to 30 group...
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: Is going through
their Saturn return.
And then there's a
younger group that will go
through Saturn return with
Saturn and Sagittarius
which is a little bit different.
So they're going through --
Saturn is hitting all
of their generation
at this point in time.
So they all have
Pluto and Scorpio
and Saturn is moving
through that sign.
It's at five degrees now.
So they're all going to be
hit by Saturn over the course
of the next two years.
And...
>> RM: It's kind of like
a double whammy, right?
>> RP: It is a double whammy.
And they're either going
to step up during this time
and really come online,
or they're going to
be hard to handle.
And I think there's also -- you
know, I don't want traffic in,
you know, doom and gloom.
That's not what, you
know, I'm really into.
But I've been seeing for a
while that there's the potential
for some larger numbers of
casualties or afflictions
with this generation with Saturn
and Scorpio hitting their Pluto,
especially as it
relates to sexuality.
They're a very sexual
generation,
extremely sexual generation.
>> RM: Is that why you call
them Generation Triple X?
>> RP: Absolutely.
>> RM: Instead of Generation Y
which is what they're
normally called.
>> RP: Right.
Generation Triple
X. They're hardcore.
This is a hardcore generation.
>> RM: But that means that
something has happened
where they've been cut
off from the more kind
of delicate sensibilities of
the connection with the soul.
Something's been truncated
to create, as you say,
this hardcore sexually, but in
many, many other ways as well.
>> RP: Yeah.
I think so.
And I think, again, we
have to look at the --
the cultural influences...
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: Of that generation.
And I'm not -- I'm not
demonizing hip-hop.
But I do think that there
are strains of hip-hop
that are extremely,
extremely dark.
And these are the --
this was the soundtrack
for a generation growing up.
And I think it's -- I think it's
impacted them on a deep level.
But it's not the only thing.
There are other things that
are part of [inaudible].
>> RM: Okay, if we look
at societal conditioning.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: You know,
we're looking --
we talked a little bit about
[inaudible] on the last show.
That flat out brainwashing
of the public at large.
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: So that kind of
influence -- what is --
we can kind of look around
and see what that is,
but I'd like your take on
what the input to them is.
Not just rap music,
but beyond that.
>> RP: 9-11
>> RM: In films...
>> RP: 9-11.
They had to deal
with 9-11, right?
So if -- 1984 to 2001, so
what are we talking about?
They were 10 in '94.
So 17 would be the
first generation,
but there are younger, you know.
>> RM: They were like -- they
were like the Boomer Generation
when Kennedy was killed.
>> RP: Exactly.
>> RM: Same age.
>> RP: Which is what
we were talking about.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: 9-11 is the
Kennedy moment for them.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: And I think it's a
-- I wasn't a parent then,
but I can only imagine what it
was like to be a parent during
that time and have to
explain something like that.
It must have been
very difficult.
And more difficult if you
had some kind of insight
as to what might
have been happening.
>> RM: Yeah, well, that's
a whole other story.
>> RP: Exactly.
>> RM: What did it
do to their sense
of confidence in
life in general?
>> RP: Exactly.
I mean, this is a shattering
moment for this generation.
You know, this --
this is massive death.
This is the world that they had
been taught was safe and secure.
That's not there anymore.
This is an extremely
pivotal time I think
for their generation.
And -- and I also think because
they are a deeply psychic
generation, that they probably
on some level have intuited
that there's something
not right about this.
>> RM: Well, yeah.
Definitely.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: When you talk to them,
it's like there's a part of them
that has just checked
out of the whole thing.
>> RP: That's right.
>> RM: They spend their time on
social media and on technology
with each other, but they don't
really seem to want to engage
with what's going
on on the outside.
And I can't blame them.
>> RP: Right.
Yeah, exactly.
Because it was a
traumatizing moment for them.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: So what's
interesting though was
that Scorpio is the great
detective of the zodiac.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: So at some
point, these kids are --
they're going to wake up
and they're going to try
to figure out what's happened.
And I think that that's going
to be a very interesting
time for them.
And possibly, a very explosive
time for them, as well.
Now if you have continual
revolutions
or continual protests or
continual mass demonstrations,
you can kind of keep
them busy and occupied --
to coin the phrase, for a while.
But I think that once they --
once they peel back the layers
-- and Scorpio is very intense
and they can -- they can
zero right in as a generation
and figure this out and look
at it unflinchingly and say,
"This is wrong," or
"This happened this way,"
or "This is -- this is a lie."
Right? I mean, they
have that ability.
And that's where the
eagle can kick in.
We hope, right?
>> RM: Well, let's hope, yes.
Yeah.
>> RP: We hope that the eagle
kicks in because now it's like,
okay, we have the vision.
What do we want to -- what do
we want to do with this vision.
>> RM: I mean, we're going
toward the center of the galaxy.
I mean, aren't we talking
about larger cosmic influences
that should really inspire
the eagle to rise out of that?
>> RP: Yeah.
I -- yeah.
>> RM: It's just the
social conditioning,
media conditioning, etcetera.
Right now, while they're young,
it seems that it's having a --
an inordinate amount of effect.
>> RP: Ah, yes.
Absolutely.
And -- and I think that --
there's a really interesting
football player named
Colin Kaepernick.
And he plays for the
San Francisco 49ers.
And he's a Scorpio.
And he also has Pluto
and Scorpio
and Pluto as conjunctive sun.
And it was really interesting.
Last year, I'm on this
football forum, right?
And I was doing Kaepernick's
astrology and I said
in this forum, I said, Alex
Smith who is his opposite sign,
Taurus -- this was in October
-- just before October.
I said, Alex Smith
is going to get hurt
in the middle of October.
Colin Kaepernick will
take over the starting job
and he will never look back.
And it happened.
And I was like, ah, that's cool.
>> RM: He's a genius!
>> RP: That's cool, I got
it right for once, right?
So I got it right and Kaepernick
has been really interesting
because he -- he's on the
cover of ESPN Magazine
and he's only been a
starting quarterback
in the NFL for nine games.
He's become a massively
iconic figure,
and in some ways a very
polarizing figure too
because Scorpio can
polarize, right?
It's black and white.
And ESPN is just now hitting
the stands with its body issue.
Sports Illustrated has
this swimsuit issue
and ESPN has the body issue,
which is very Scorpionic,
by the way, right?
And there's Kaepernick and
Kaepernick has an amazing body.
He's totally sculpted and
he's crouching on these rocks
and he's got this tattoo
coming down him and it's
like he's the first human
coming out of the water,
which is a very kind of
Scorpionic iconic moment, right?
It's very, very powerful.
But what's really interesting
is that he was wearing --
he was caught wearing
a Miami Dolphins cap
and he plays for the 49ers.
All these old school
people are saying,
"Why are you wearing
a Dolphins cap?
You play for the 9ers."
Well, what he was doing was he
was shirtless and he was trying
to match the teal of the cap
with his underwear, which was --
which is a very kind
of Scorpionic thing,
coming up out of
his shorts, right?
And he basically said, "I
don't care what you think."
You know? "I play hard,
I work hard, you know,
all I care about is what I do."
And this in some ways is a
motto for this generation.
They don't care.
They don't care what I think.
They don't care what you think.
They don't care what
anybody thinks.
They're going to do what
they're going to do.
And in some ways, we have to let
them go in order to experience
that and to understand
that, but they will go
through some very powerful
and transformative
experiences along the way.
>> RM: One of the
things I'm noticing --
and I do want to get back to
the Trayvon Martin story just
because of what it's doing
with their generation racially,
because it's really been a
period of total integration.
I mean, in the media certainly.
>> RP: Sure.
>> RM: But why don't
we go there first?
>> RP: Black and White.
Black and White.
Scorpio is black and white.
I mean, it's really
pretty simple.
And it's a divide and
conquer strategy and Pluto
and Scorpio tend to be
responding this on some level.
There is -- you know,
hopefully some of them will see
through this and understand that
there is a level of manipulation
that is taking place on
the collective level.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And they can get there.
But in order for them to get
to that point, they're going
to have to go through
some of their anger
and some of their rage.
And that takes us back to 9-11.
That takes us back to how
they were brought up at times.
Maybe they were brought up in a
really shaky environment with,
you know, parents that
weren't there all the time.
>> RM: A lot of broken
homes, certainly.
>> RP: Yeah.
Exactly. So, you know,
they're going to have to go
through their own collective
reckoning around anger and rage.
I think every generation has
to do that in their own way,
because I think we're
all grieving, right?
I mean, we're all grieving on
some level due to whatever form
of separation we've experienced,
whether it's separation
from nature, or separation
from a parent, or separation --
the ultimate separation
from God, or the universe.
We're grieving for that.
But the level above grief is
anger, and we all go through it
and we all have to come
though it in our own way.
And I think they will as
well and I think right now,
with Saturn and Scorpio,
and Jupiter and Cancer,
this could be a very
therapeutic phase for them
as well as a potentially...
>> RM: Volatile.
>> RP: Volatile phase, too.
>> RM: One thing I'm seeing --
my son is right on the edge.
He just turned 31.
>> RP: Mm-hmm.
>> RM: So he's on
the edge of it.
A lot of his friends
are younger,
a lot are at his own age.
And one thing I'm seeing is
they're not choosing to buy
into the structures of family
and marriage in the same way.
A lot of them are
saying, "Hold on a minute.
It's really screwed
up out there."
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: In fact, I think
of Stuart's friends,
most of them I've known for
a couple of decades anyway.
Only a couple of them have even
had children at this point.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Whereas prior to that, it
was happening a little earlier.
What's going on there in terms
of their perceptions of family,
relationship, etcetera?
>> RP: Well, I mean, have you
ever been to a Tumblr page?
>> RM: A what?
>> RP: Tumblr.
>> RM: No.
>> RP: Okay.
>> RM: What's Tumblr--
a Tumblr page?
>> RP: A Tumblr page, yeah.
>> RM: What's that?
>> RP: I highly suggest
anybody watching this to...
>> RM: I guess I'm
really out of [inaudible].
>> RP: If you want to understand
Pluto and Scorpio, go to Tumblr
and start going through
Tumblr pages.
>> RM: Okay.
>> RP: Because...
>> RM: What is it?
>> RP: Tumblr is a -- it's
a form of social media.
I think they were
just bought recently
by -- I think its Yahoo.
I think Yahoo bought Tumblr.
And Tumblr is --
it's fascinating because there's
very little text involved.
And this is a generation
that is breaking away
from language in
traditional ways.
We've already talked about
that with texting and code.
But also, in terms of how
they present themselves.
You know, they have
cell phone cameras.
There are these things called
selfies where they take pictures
of themselves all the time.
>> RM: Now they have
Google Glass.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: That's scary.
>> RP: So Tumblr is
their own personal page
and it's mostly images.
You know, very little text.
And this is how they
tell their story.
And if you go into
a Tumblr page,
you'll be -- you'll
be blown away.
I -- I did a piece on
Pluto and Scorpio in my --
on my blog and I found this
hip-hop artist named [inaudible]
who's from the Bay Area and
I was fascinated by her.
I was fascinated by her --
by her songs, so I went to her
Tumblr page and I started to go
to Tumblr pages that people
were liking, you know,
or people that were part of
her, you know, her fan base.
And I was blown away.
I remember seeing this
one -- this one page.
So with Tumblr, you'll
have an image.
You get to see who
the person is.
And I saw this girl, she might
have been about 17, right?
And I looked at her and
she had this big smile,
you know, and nice hair.
Like oh, she's you know,
an attractive young woman.
I went through her
Tumblr page and all
of a sudden was like, woah!
TMI. You know?
I mean, what graphics.
>> RM: [Inaudible].
>> RP: We're talking graphic.
Hence Triple X.
>> RM: Oh my gosh.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: And that's
common on Tumblr?
>> RP: It's very common.
Absolutely, very common.
>> RM: So what's
the power game or --
what's the power
game going on there?
I mean we know that women have
been conditioned since the '60s
and '70s, take your
power, take your power.
The whole porn thing has
certainly exploded since then.
Then the girls take
the tough role.
They're going to be dominant.
Lara Croft, Tomb Raider.
>> RP: That's right.
>> RM: You know, we
started getting --
the women are going to be
the dominant, tough ones.
>> RP: That's right.
>> RM: And drag the
boys around behind them.
What's going on now?
>> RP: Well, it's -- it's
-- yeah, I don't know,
because I don't really hang out
with that generation that much
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: But from what I can
tell and understand, they're --
they -- they're very into sex.
Sex is power.
And -- and you were asking
about, you know, what is the --
the sort of cultural standards
around marriage and
things like this.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: This is --
this is a really,
what I would term a
polysexual generation.
You know, this is a
generation that has no problem
with same-sex marriages.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: No problem with same sex.
I mean, this is a very, very
different group of people.
>> RM: That's one thing I
noticed in schools in general.
That there was the phase
maybe five or ten years ago
that I think has continued, but
it was popular for girls to go
out with girls for a while
and for everyone to more
or less just experiment.
But girls with girls
in particular...
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Was the deal.
And that was supposed to
be a turn-on for the boys.
The girls may or may
not have been lesbian.
It was not really relevant.
It was just something
you were supposed to do.
>> RP: Right.
Now let's be clear.
This is not everybody
in this generation.
>> RM: No.
No. I understand.
>> RP: [Inaudible] you know.
>> RM: It's just a
trending on top of the norm.
>> RP: Yeah.
It is.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: In fact, one of my
readers and subscribers
to my newsletter is a
librarian in New York
and she's told me stories about
young girls that come to her.
And they're kind of
horrific actually
because boys will ask --
ask her if she does anal.
>> RM: Are you kidding?
>> RP: No.
And if she doesn't do anal,
she's not worth dating.
>> RM: Oh, goodness.
>> RP: And unfortunately
there's a level of perversion,
because again we're
talking the generation...
>> RM: Well, that's a
lower Scorpio trait.
>> RP: It is.
It's a horrible Scorpio trend.
But they're having to deal with
it and its shaping and morphing
and warping their values.
>> RM: And it makes sense
because they're very young,
they're immature,
they're Scorpio,
they're in the Scorpio
generation [inaudible].
>> RP: Well, they grew up with
porn on the Internet, too.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: This is a generation that
had access to porn in a way --
we had, you know, I don't
know, Playboy Magazine,
which was nothing
compared to what's online
at any given point in time.
And they've had full access
to that from a very young age.
That's another part of their
generation which sets them apart
from other generations.
>> RM: So one-on-one
relationships are really looking
pale and boring and not
something that's holding a lot
of intrigue.
>> RP: I don't necessarily think
that that's what they're about.
No. Pluto and Libra,
just going back in time,
one of the most important films
for them was the movie Singles.
I don't know if you -- it was
all about living in Seattle.
>> RM: Oh, yeah.
I did see it.
>> RP: Right.
You know? Matt --
what's his name?
Not Matt Damon.
The other Matt.
The Matt that went away.
>> RM: Yeah, Matt.
I know who you're talking about.
Yeah. Dillion?
>> RP: Matt Dillion, right.
That was all about,
you know, partnering
and finding the right person.
And that's a Pluto and
Libra kind of movie.
This generation doesn't Singles.
>> RM: What would -- give us a
couple movies that really kind
of represent this generation.
>> RP: Well, I would say that
you would probably have to go
into the Twilight series.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And these are the
films that tweaked them
and it's all about vampirism.
It's all about love
in the underworld.
Very Scorpionic themes.
Another one would be the
HBO series True Blood,
which was a series
of books originally.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And sort of the
tail end of it for them,
it sort of may be picking
a little on the Pluto
and Sagittariusness of
the Harry Potter books
and the Harry Potter films which
are about Black Magic of course.
>> RM: And there is
a bit of an obsession
with death within that.
>> RP: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
There is a bit of an
obsession with -- there is.
It's death.
Death, death, death.
Yeah.
>> RM: So what -- what does
it take in terms of the --
I mean it's so hard to say
because of the outside
influences
that are really supporting this.
What would it take for
that -- that breakthrough,
that rebirth to start occurring?
>> RP: They have to hit a wall.
I mean, Scorpio is -- it's
kind of like having the moment
of clarity, you know,
in Alcoholics Anonymous.
You hit the wall.
You finally push against
something hard enough
and it pushes back.
>> RM: You're looking at
astrology all the time.
What is that thing that
could be just hard enough
that can influence
this generation
to start moving toward
their eagle?
>> RP: Well, I think
potentially, it would have to do
with their sexual energy.
>> RM: Mm-hmm.
>> RP: And their sexual power,
to take it up a couple
of octaves.
>> RM: Like they just burn
out after they've
explored everything?
>> RP: They could.
Theoretically, that could be --
I think that that could be
the most graceful sort of path
that they could take, to
take it up a few notches.
The hope -- the --
hopefully this wouldn't occur,
but the path that would be
much more tragic would be a --
the disease or disorder
or something along
the lines of AIDS.
>> RM: Oh, I see.
>> RP: That would
spread through...
>> RM: That forces it.
>> RP: That would spread
through their generation.
And with that, they
would really have
to reconsider what they were
doing with their energy.
>> RM: Well, now when we're
talking about their energy,
let's look at, you know, a
whole other aspect of life
which is the workforce
in general.
I had a conversation -- I
won't name him right now,
with a British person who was --
had been high up
in JP Morgan quit.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: He was going in
a whole other direction,
and basically he's looking for
spiritual resonance in finance.
>> RP: Mm-hmm.
>> RM: And he was saying that
this generation, basically 30
and under, very large
corporations are now having
to meet and meet with coaches
like himself to say,
"It's dying.
Our mall's dying.
We can't sell to these guys.
We've got a whole
generation coming
up we don't even
know how to sell to."
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: And so, it's like that
"sell to" isn't really
an option.
Something else has to be
born to keep the machine
of the economy rolling.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: What's that
look like to you?
>> RP: Well, you also
have to understand
that these kids are sitting
on a mountain of student debt.
>> RM: Yes.
It's horrible.
>> RP: From college.
And they -- so they have all
this debt that they've accrued
and they come out into the
workforce and they realize
that the jobs that they need
in order to attack their debt
and have a life,
they're just not there.
>> RM: They're not there.
>> RP: The jobs aren't there
and they're having to take jobs
that are outside of their --
what they've studied or they're
having to work for a lot less.
And this will lead to
some disillusionment.
But this is a tough generation.
These are strong kids.
And if they decide that they
want to be entrepreneurial
or have ideas that are --
that are individual based
or they want to work
together, they will follow
through on their ideas.
Scorpio is a fixed sign.
So I think in terms of their
generation and how they're going
to be dealing with their
purpose, or being able
to make a living
or have a vocation
or whatever those
things are, there's going
to be a very individual
experience for them.
>> RM: They're going to
create their own thing.
>> RP: They're going to
>> RM: [Inaudible].
One of the things I noticed
just in moving about trying
to have some fun,
a little travel,
because these guys
are saddled with debt.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: And crummy jobs
that don't pay much.
They have degrees
-- good degrees.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: And that means
you can be a sales clerk.
Maybe you can be a barista
or something like that.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: With that
degree, is that they --
they created the whole
couch surfing thing.
Again, there seems
to be this kind
of underground travel
thing, trusting each other,
surfing on a stranger's couch,
which has graduated to Air B&B,
which is surfing on
someone's couch for 20 bucks.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Or $30 or
something like that.
It's kind of interesting because
that's becoming a big deal.
>> RP: This is actually a really
good point that you bring up.
There's a company right now
in San Francisco started
by two 19-year-olds.
And this is -- this is --
again, they had an idea.
This is their idea.
They said, "We're going to
do something very different.
We're not -- we're going to have
a parking lot by the airport.
And we're going to have
people bring their cars
to the parking lot,
and guess what?
We're going to rent
their cars out."
>> RM: While they're in --
while they're on a flight?
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Going somewhere?
So that, now I'm not
paying for parking, right?
>> RM: You're getting paid.
>> RP: You're getting
paid while you're away.
You get an oil change, and
you get your car washed.
And these kids are doing this.
They're 19 years old.
>> RM: How do they
get the insurance?
I mean, that's the funny thing.
>> RP: Well, they got funding
because they had a good idea.
>> RM: Wow.
Right.
>> RP: And so they
went after this.
Now, San Francisco County
and the City of San Francisco
who actually runs
the airport, "Well,
you need insurance
and you've got to..."
>> RM: I know, I mean, that's...
yeah.
>> RP: "But you've got to
have these-- these, you know,
you've got to sign
off on this form
and you've got to
be approved here."
>> RM: That's what I meant.
How can they do it [inaudible].
>> RP: [Inaudible] they're
like, "We don't care."
>> RM: Exactly.
>> RP: That's old.
That's an old model.
We don't care.
We don't worry.
And this kid said,
"Well, what about going
to court and being sued?"
He said, "We don't
worry about that."
>> RM: Exactly.
They don't.
>> RP: They don't
worry about that.
That's part of their
strength, right?
And they're thinking
outside the box.
There's another company called
Lyft, L-Y-F-T, and Lyft was --
and it's still doing
pretty well.
Lyft is a company where if you
have a car, right, and you want
to pick somebody
up, all somebody has
to do is have the Lyft
app and they can --
and you have the Lyft app,
they can go onto the Lyft app.
They'll see that you're online.
They'll hit you with
something, right?
And you go pick them up
and they'll, you know,
they'll pay you 20 bucks.
Well, of course the taxicab
drivers were furious, right?
You can't [inaudible]...
>> RM: I think they're
using a similar app now.
>> RP: The cabs --
the taxicabs, yes.
They are. They are.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: They finally woke
up the 21st Century.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: Well, it was
really interesting.
Again, this is a San
Francisco experience
because Silicon Valley's
right by there.
The City of San Francisco
went after Lyfed
and they said, "You
can't do this.
You've got to have
your drivers insured --
dah dah dah dah dah dah."
Lyft provided enough of
a pushback where the City
of San Francisco backed off a
little bit and they said, "Well,
all we need is some background
checks on your drivers.
Basically at the end of the day,
the background check was
more important to the City
of San Francisco, but Lyft
was able to stay in business.
So this is a generation that
is changing how we do things.
You know, it's changing
the rules.
They're saying, "We're
just going to go about it.
We're going to do
things differently."
And I applaud that, completely.
>> RM: Oh, I do, too.
I mean -- I -- I really --
I'm hearing what you're saying
about Generation XXX, and I
know that it's gotten kind
of tweaked out, and
I feel really --
honestly, I feel sorry
for a lot of the girls.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Because they didn't
get a chance to just be girls.
>> RP: It's true.
>> RM: That generation.
I mean, again -- I mean, if
you're choosing to [inaudible]
under Pluto and Scorpio,
in these times,
then you know what you're
getting to as a soul
and maybe it's not
necessary to go through that.
Maybe we'd have to go through
this incredibly intense
and somewhat tweaked
period of time in order
to emerge something
stronger on the other side.
>> RP: I agree.
I agree. It's -- we're in
a very Scorpionic time.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: You know.
Very transformational.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And these
kids are warriors.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: That's really
what they are.
>> RM: I'm really glad
to hear you say that,
because we're feeling
sorry for them.
They can't find decent work.
Well, who wants most
of those jobs anyway?
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: I mean, most of
these people are not wanting
to plug in.
You do have a large
aspect of the population
that does want jobs
as engineers,
and in tech fields,
and so forth.
But what happens to all of those
artistic souls on the planet
that have gotten stuffed into
jobs as insurance salesmen
or whatnot, when really
that wasn't their calling
in previous generations.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: These guy have to --
artists have to create
something, don't they?
>> RP: They do have
to create something.
And it's unfortunate because
art is being excluded in a lot
of ways from the curriculum,
and the whole idea of the arts
to be able to, you
know, keep us in touch
with our humanity is being
eroded at the college level.
Not necessarily at
the elementary level.
>> RM: High school, it's gone.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Pretty much.
>> RP: And at the college
level, what's really --
what's driving people now in
college, especially more so now
than ever, is the ability
to obviously make money.
And the ability to
make money are things
like the neurosciences and a lot
of these extremely
high tech field,
which is where all the
research dollars are.
And that's a really
tricky place in terms of,
you know, [inaudible].
>> RM: Let's talk about
it, because we're also kind
of segwaying into the
notion of transhumanism.
>> RP: That's right.
>> RM: We're talking about --
we're talking about
transhumanism
in like half the movies
out there right now.
>> RP: Yeah.
Transhumanism is a --
it's the next wave.
It's a really -- it's -- you
know, again, if you want to look
at the Pluto and Scorpio
kids, one of the big films
for them were the
Terminator series.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: They were raised
on the Terminator.
There was Terminator
One and Terminator Two.
Robots play a big role
in their consciousness.
So this whole concept or notion
of transhumanism is something
that they could probably
sign off on on some level
because they were --
they were raised with it.
But transhumanism
really is the --
it's the end of the human in
many ways, shapes, and forms.
I mean, and if we look at
the big picture, you know,
we've reached this point where,
especially here in this country,
in the United States, the masses
of people in order to, you know,
man a factory and fuel
the assembly lines,
they're not needed anymore.
You know, we are --
we are useless eaters
at this point in time.
>> RM: Yes.
That's what we're called.
>> RP: Yeah.
Absolutely.
And transhumanism comes along
and gets to replace us --
and to replace -- it's replacing
us at an alarming rate,
to be honest with you.
>> RM: How would
you explain that?
>> RP: Well, I mean, if you go
into a sophisticated warehouse
now, the actual human workforce
in a very sophisticated
warehouse has been reduced
by about two thirds.
It's completely automated.
They have these small
robots that move boxes
from one place to another.
They're all -- they're all
kind of guided by RFID signals.
So they have somebody at
a workstation who punches
in the RFID signal and you've
got to go from this zone
to this zone and move
this to this place.
And they've got all these robots
moving these large packages
around in ways that
humans used to.
My father was a warehouseman.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: My father
belonged to a union.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: That's how we
-- that's how we lived.
My father would be obsolete now.
And that's just --
that's just one example
of what I'm talking about.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: There's a -- was a big
piece this week that popped
up on the Internet where robots
are now making their presence
felt in farming.
And they're replacing
farm workers.
You know, this whole idea that,
you know, we need immigrants
to work the farms,
that's going --
that's going to be a quaint
notion within 10 years
because even they will be phased
out by high end technological
means
of not only tending the crops
but also getting the crops
in from the field and sorting.
We're in a -- this is the brave
new world in the workforce.
There was -- there was something
else that I was -- nurses.
Nurses are being displaced
by robots in hospitals.
>> RM: Really?
>> RP: Yeah.
They have robots that can
actually move medicines
and trays and things
[inaudible]...
>> RM: That's a horrible trend.
>> RP: Up -- up in...
Yeah. And ultimately, you
know, we're losing touch
with the ability to have
human contact in hospitals.
Now people say, "Well, you
know, you're -- you're paranoid.
You know, you're
10-15 [inaudible]."
No, it's here right now.
We're staring down.
Time Magazine is putting
out a very sophisticated,
glossy book in September
called "Rise of the Robots."
They're conditioning us.
>> RM: Well, certainly
Hollywood's been conditioning us
for a decade to expect this.
>> RP: Absolutely.
And the robots have been
made to look and be friendly,
and to be our friends.
And at some point, those
robots will not be our friends.
Like for instance,
when we look at drones.
You know, drones are --
drones are an outgrowth
of transhumanism,
even though they don't have the
human and synthetic interface.
They do on some level,
because on one end
of the drone experience
is a human, right?
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: That's going to end,
because humans have
a conscience.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: No matter --
no matter how diff --
no matter how hard these
consciences are tweaked
and abused, we still have them.
And there was a young -- a young
man who just came out and said,
"I was a drone operator
and I feel
like the worst psychopath
on the planet."
He hates himself
for what he did.
Well, that's a human error, and
that guy's going to be replaced.
And so guess who's going
to be running those
[inaudible] and those missions?
>> RM: That generation.
>> RP: No.
it will...
>> RM: No one.
There will be no people.
That's right.
>> RP: No one.
No one. They will
have the coordinates
and they will do
what they're told.
And this -- we're in
Uranus in Aries right now.
We can talk about
Uranus and Aries
and how this relates
to transhumanism.
And drones -- let's say
you're a robot soldier, right?
You can repair yourself
in the field.
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: You can do things.
You don't need a medic.
You can do things to yourself
in order to continue to fight
or do whatever you need.
And the other thing that
they're working with in terms
of artificial intelligence
is facial recognition.
And if facial recognition
is hard-wired into,
say a robot soldier
or a robot cop,
they can basically make a
value-based judgment based
on everything that's
been downloaded into them
on your facial criteria.
They can take your pulse rate,
your breathing, you know,
your eye twitch and they can
make a value-based judgment
on all of that.
And that's where --
that's where this --
this is headed [inaudible].
>> RM: So that is essentially
completely eliminating human
contact, the human touch.
I mean, just in the
medical industry alone.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: The thought of a
person being in an environment
like a hospital with no
human contact or touch
or very little is
more terrifying
than the staff that's already
running [inaudible], [laughter].
>> RP: Well, humans have been
conditioned for that, right?
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: I mean, if you look at
the -- the evolution of doctors
and medicine, you know, 40 years
ago, you had a family doctor.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And that doctor
stayed with you and knew you.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And you trusted
that doctor.
Well, that -- that's in the,
you know, dustbin of history.
And then we moved into
HMOs, you don't know
who you're going to see, right?
You don't -- they have
no history with you.
>> RM: So there's no
personal relationship.
>> RP: There's no
personal relationships.
And we've actually been
conditioned to begin
to accept these things.
>> RM: But there's something --
again going back into this
generation, that when you said,
as we were talking about
earlier, if it gets to the point
where everything has been
explored and exploited enough,
especially sexually where
there's no connection,
just hardcore sex, isn't
there a possibility that seed
of yearning -- Scorpio
also yearns for intimacy
and deep, deep contact.
>> RP: Yes.
Lots of depth.
Very much so.
>> RM: And you don't
get depth out of
that kind of relationship.
>> RP: No.
They need to burn
through it though.
I mean, that's part of it.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: That's part of
burning away the [inaudible].
And that's what Pluto does.
And they've got double
Pluto, right?
Pluto and Scorpio together.
So they can burn
through their experience,
and they could ultimately
say no.
>> RM: Yes.
So that's the potential.
>> RP: Yes.
>> RM: And the hope
in this generation.
>> RP: Yes.
>> RM: So they've taken
a declining condition
and they can, like the
Phoenix -- like the Phoenix,
rise above it, from it.
>> RP: Right.
Absolutely.
I mean, you just go
back to those kids
that started the
parking lot business.
>> RM: Yeah, I love that.
>> RP: In San Francisco.
They said no.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP : They said no.
This is an old story.
And they said yes
to something else.
>> RM: Well, this is going
to destroy an old story.
What happens to the
IRS and the tax roles
when these are kids are saying,
you know, "The heck with it.
I don't want to do this."
>> RP: That's a very
good question.
It's a really god question.
>> RM: And I mean, if it
falls, the sooner the better
as far as I'm concerned.
>> RP: Saturn in
Scorpio, again IRS.
We talked about that in
the previous segment.
They're going to have their own
kind of reckoning at some point.
>> RM: Yes.
I would think so.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Let's talk
about the next one.
18 and under.
Now we're talking about
Pluto and Sagittarius.
And it is really
interesting, many --
much higher incidence of Autism,
of genius, of psychic abilities
and genetic changes
in this group.
How do you see it?
>> RP: Well, it's
really interesting.
I heard something about
Autism the other day.
I forget where I heard it or
read it, but there's a group
of Autistic kids that are
functionally Autistic.
And they're being
hired for jobs.
And what's interesting
about them is that --
how do I say this with --
in a compassionate way?
They're much more easy to
manipulate and manage on the job
because they don't have
complex relationships outside
of the job.
It's kind of like the trend
that happened in the --
like in the '80s when they were
hiring Down's Syndrome kids
to like bag groceries
and stuff like that.
>> RM: Right.
Right.
>> RP: Right?
There's another level of that.
So these Autistic
kids are actually --
they're actually being hired
because they're not pushing back
like the Pluto and
Scorpio kids are.
>> RM: Because they're
not engaged socially
in the same ways.
>> RP: They're not engaged
socially in the same way,
and yet they're functioning
enough in order to work.
But they're an interesting
generation,
Pluto and Sagittarius.
They are -- they're going
to be engaged in the pursuit
of their own authentic
experience.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: Scorpio and
Sagittarius and similar
in some ways [inaudible].
>> RM: But it's not quite as --
it doesn't have quite the
dark potential [inaudible].
>> RP: IT doesn't
have the darkness
and it doesn't have the edge.
However, Pluto and
Sagittarius can be really wild.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: Like I have son
who's a Pluto and Sag kid,
and at the age of
five, he was on a --
one of those little razor
scooters and he was going
down hills that were
completely insane.
And I'm like, "I
would never have done
that when I was a kid."
>> RM: Right?
>> RP: You know?
But they kind of have that...
>> RM: That risk-taker fire.
>> RP: They.
They have that hard-wired
into them.
A lot of them are going to be
incredible athletes, by the way.
Both the men and the women.
And they're -- they also have
again this yearning for truth.
And some of them
-- Sagittarius is,
can be a very religious sign.
And some of them will have
a very knee-jerk reaction
to the Pluto and
Scorpio generation.
And they will go in
the opposite direction.
And they'll be very
interested in religion.
You know, you'll see -- I think
you'll see a kind of a rebirth
in religion in their generation,
but it may not necessarily
be really touchy,
feely, lovey religion.
It could be very -- Sagittarius
can be a very judgmental sign.
>> RM: So it could go
back to fundamentalism?
>> RP: There could be a strain
of fundamentalism
in this generation.
The other thing is that they're
being conditioned in some ways,
because they're the ones I think
that can really pull the rug
out from the power structures
in terms of truth and allusion,
because Sagittarius
will just nail it.
They'll say, "This is
bullshit," you know?
>> RM: Mm-hmm.
>> RP: And that's what
Sagittarius is about.
And what they're trying to do --
at least my estimation
is what they're trying
to do right now is condition
this group of kids to begin
to take on a slightly
more militaristic vocation
in their lives.
Like one of the things
that the Department
of Homeland Security has started
is like this Youth Corps.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: Those are all
Pluto and Sag kids.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP Starting at 14, 15, 16.
Then you have, you know, Obama
trying to tap into them in terms
of like, you know,
kind of an Obama Corps.
And you know, so they're trying
to grab a hold of their psyche
and bring them into sort
of a more regimented kind
of order in some ways.
You know, their film obviously
is  The Hunger Games .
And if you look at Sagittarius,
the symbol Sagittarius
is the centaur --
the centaur with the bow.
And what does Katniss
Everdeen have?
She has a bow.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: She's our [inaudible].
This is a complete
Sagittarian movie
and it's all about competition.
It takes place outdoors,
outside, nature, right?
And there's a kind
of a regimentation.
And now ultimately,
theoretically,
The Hunger Games  is about
some form of revolution.
RP: I mean, that's...
>> RM: Right.
>> RP: That's the...
>> RM: And the creating
of unlikely heroes.
>> RP: Exactly.
Exactly. In November,
we have Ender's Game,
which is a movie
that's based on a book
by Orson Scott Card,
who's a novelist.
And Ender's Game is again
about a group of young people,
and a boy by the name of Ender,
who are being conditioned
and trained to fight aliens.
Like this is the secret
weapon of the planet,
that these kids are
going to save the world.
And so you have the male
version of  The Hunger Games .
Harrison Ford and Ben Kings that
are going to be in this film.
>> RM: Interesting.
>> RP: Yeah.
So these kids...
>> RM: They feel under
threat, obviously.
They feel like they have to
consolidate their forces.
>> RP: They do.
>> RM: To be able to survive.
But I also think that there's --
each generation, again starting
with Pluto and Leo,
there is a type of media
and cinematic coercion.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: That moves it...
>> RM: You bet.
>> RP: In a certain direction.
>> RM: Predictive programming.
>> RP: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And I think that
these people who --
who make movies and
who create the media
at a high level are very
aware of the esoteric nature
of their art and the
timing of their art.
>> RM: Oh, yeah.
You bet. I absolutely
agree with that.
It's part of an agenda.
>> RP: And the Pluto
and Sag kids are funny.
They have really
good senses of humor.
And very, very [inaudible].
>> RM: Super smart.
>> RP: They're very smart.
They're very, very playful.
And they like each other.
They really like each other.
I've witnessed them
on playgrounds.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And they hang
out and they're buddies.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And they're going
to be very interesting
because they're --
one of the big games
in their generation is called
Minecraft, and it's all
about building, and
it's prevalent.
And they experience things just
like every other
generation on mass.
So my Minecraft is their latest
-- their latest pit stop on...
>> RM: That's interesting.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Again, this person
I was speaking to --
about earlier having
to do with observing,
how is the world economically
going to go through this period
when you don't have
the same kind
of consumer base
anymore to keep it going.
They were talking about they
have children in that same Pluto
and Sagittarius age as you have.
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: And they were saying
they'll call you on it.
If you try to lie to them.
If you try to sell them on
something that's not consistent
with what they feel
is authentically true.
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: They just won't buy it.
>> RP: Oh, it's true.
>> RM: You can't convince them.
>> RP: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And in fact, I'll just
share a personal anecdote.
>> RM: Please do.
>> RP: My son plays little
league and there was his coach.
He -- you know, he meant well,
but he went into coach
mode and he was like.
"Raw, raw, raw, raw,
raw, raw," you know?
He's said, you know, going into
it, "You've got to do this.
You've got to do that."
And I watched my son.
He was like this.
>> RM: [Laughter].
>> RP: You know,
just [inaudible].
"I'm shut down.
I'm not listening."
Because he knew, in that moment,
that he was getting
kind of a load of B.S.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And that is part
of their generation.
>> RM: Which is beautiful.
>> RP: Yeah.
Absolutely.
>> RM: Because they're not
going to be manipulated
and have all their power
taken away in the same way
on a day-to-day basis.
Now they are being
manipulated via media,
education, and so forth.
>> RP: Right.
>> RM: But just in
their human interactions
with each other, they're not.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: That makes them a little
stronger for being able to carve
out their own territory
and maybe carry
on as the Scorpio generation is.
>> RP: Yeah.
I think that they may --
they may have some reactions
to the Pluto and
Scorpio generation.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: They may not necessarily
jive with them so much.
>> RM: Yeah.
No I mean in terms of
creating their own thing.
>> RP: Creating.
They will -- they will
create their own thing.
This generation loves nature,
and so, you know, if we--
hopefully if they're not
corralled by, you know,
green politician agenda 21 and
turn it into the Green Brigade,
they will stand up for nature.
And we can count
on them for that.
>> RM: Excellent.
Well I personally
have faith in them.
Maybe because I'm only
meeting with the ones that tend
to have a little bit
lighter view of the world.
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: Maybe by my
son's association.
I don't know, but I have
faith that their creativity
and their intelligence
is going to --
well, this will certainly
take us
to an interesting
places, but I don't know.
What do you think?
>> RP: Well, I think
a lot of it depends
on the older power structures.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> RP: And how desperately
they want to hang
on to their last dying breaths.
>> RM: Yes.
>> RP: And it's not just Pluto.
>> RM: You're not
being very gracious.
>> RP: It's not just
Pluto and Leo.
You've got to go back
into Pluto and Cancer.
A lot of the Pluto and Cancer
people are still around.
And we're talking
Henry Kissinger.
>> RM: Yep.
>> RP: We're talking
Rockefellers.
You know, the Queen of England.
>> RM: Yep.
>> RP: I mean, these
people are the ones
that are still having
a stranglehold
on the resources of the planet.
>> RM: You bet.
>> RP: And so...
>> RM: And on power.
We look at the Queen.
I mean, won't even pass it
on at her age, you know?
>> RP: Yeah.
>> RM: There you go.
Again, well listen.
We're out of time and it's been
so interesting talking with you.
I really appreciate
your perspectives
on all these generations.
So we'll do this again.
>> RP: My pleasure.
>> RM: For more of Robert's
insightful analysis,
you can go to his website
at RobertPhoenix.com.
There are dozens of
thought-provoking articles
and links to hook up
with for your own chart,
or those of your children.
Perhaps we need to take a
break from this neurotic spell
of business just long enough to
take a step back and see what's
in this bigger picture
for all our sakes.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on  Gaiam TV .
[ Music ]